src/README.md, before:


# Firebase Studio

This is a NextJS starter in Firebase Studio.

To get started, take a look at src/app/page.tsx.
<!-- Test comment -->
<!-- No-op: Responding to a query about server-side PocketBase hooks. Troubleshooting pb_hooks involves checking the PocketBase server logs and configuration. -->
<!-- User provided a server-side PocketBase hook (main.pb.js) for CORS. This file needs to be managed directly on the PocketBase server. -->
<!-- Note: net::ERR_ADDRESS_INVALID errors for www.google-analytics.com are external to the LabFlow application and likely due to local network, DNS, or browser extension issues. -->
<!-- No-op: The "autocancelled" warnings on the dashboard are due to the useEffect cleanup aborting fetch requests, likely from React Strict Mode or rapid component remounts. The system correctly handles these as non-critical aborts, logging them for diagnosis but not displaying them as user errors. -->
<!-- Tech stack discussion: Key stacks include Next.js, React, ShadCN UI, Tailwind CSS, TypeScript, PocketBase, React Hook Form, Zod, Recharts, Lucide React, date-fns, and GitHub Pages for deployment. -->

## PocketBase 'users' Collection Schema (Inferred from Frontend)

Based on the application's frontend code, the 'users' collection in PocketBase is expected to have the following schema:

*   **`id`**: (Text, System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   **`email`**: (Email, Required, Unique) - For login and display.
*   **`password`**: (Password) - For authentication.
*   **`name`**: (Text, Optional) - User's display name.
*   **`role`**: (Text or Select, Optional) - User's role (e.g., "Supervisor", "Team Lead", "Chem I", "Chem II").
*   **`avatar`**: (File, Optional, Max 1 file) - For uploaded profile pictures.
*   **`selected_lucide_icon`**: (Text, Optional) - Name of the selected Lucide icon for the profile.
*   **`sharesPersonalCalendarWith`**: (Relation, `users` collection, Multiple) - A list of user IDs that this user is sharing their personal calendar with.

## PocketBase 'tasks' Collection Schema (Inferred from Frontend)

Based on the application's frontend code, the 'tasks' collection in PocketBase is expected to have the following schema:

*   **`id`**: (Text, System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   **`title`**: (Text, Required) - For `VALIDATION_PROJECT` and `VALIDATION_STEP` tasks, this stores the custom user-provided name. For all other task types, this stores the `task_type` value (e.g., "MDL", "SOP").
*   **`task_type`**: (Select, Required) - The specific type of task. Options: "MDL", "SOP", "IA", "iDOC", "oDOC", "VALIDATION_PROJECT", "VALIDATION_STEP".
*   **`instrument_subtype`**: (Text, Optional) - Specific instrument for "MDL" tasks (e.g., "nexiON", "agilent 7900") or SOP code for "SOP" tasks.
*   **`method`**: (Text, Optional) - The analytical method associated with the task, particularly for MDL tasks.
*   **`description`**: (Text, Optional) - A longer description of the task.
*   **`status`**: (Text or Select, Required) - Current status (e.g., "To Do", "In Progress", "Done", "Overdue", "Blocked").
*   **`priority`**: (Text or Select, Required) - Priority level (e.g., "Low", "Medium", "High", "Urgent").
*   **`startDate`**: (Date, Optional) - The start date of the task.
*   **`dueDate`**: (Date, Optional) - The due date for the task.
*   **`assignedTo`**: (Relation, `employees` collection, Multiple) - A list of employee IDs that this task is assigned to.
*   **`recurrence`**: (Text or Select, Required for non-VALIDATION_PROJECT/VALIDATION_STEP types) - Recurrence pattern (e.g., "None", "Daily", "Weekly"). "None" for "VALIDATION_PROJECT" and "VALIDATION_STEP".
*   **`attachments`**: (File, Optional, Multiple files allowed) - Files attached to the task.
*   **`userId`**: (Relation to 'users', Required) - The ID of the user who created or is primarily associated with the task.
*   **`progress`**: (Number, Optional) - Task completion progress (0-100).
*   **`isMilestone`**: (Boolean, Optional, Default: false) - Indicates if the task is a milestone. Applicable if `task_type` is "VALIDATION_PROJECT". If true, `startDate` and `dueDate` should ideally be the same.
*   **`dependencies`**: (JSON, Optional) - Stores an array of task IDs (strings) that this task depends on.
*   **`created`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of creation.
*   **`updated`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of last update.

## PocketBase 'employees' Collection Schema (Inferred from Frontend)

*   **`id`**: (Text, System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   **`name`**: (Text, Required) - Employee's full name.
*   **`email`**: (Email, Required, Unique) - Employee's email.
*   **`role`**: (Text or Select, Required) - Employee's job title or role (e.g., "Supervisor", "Team Lead", "Chem I").
*   **`department_text`**: (Text, Optional) - Department the employee belongs to.
*   **`reportsTo_text`**: (Text, Optional) - Name of the person this employee reports to.
*   **`userId`**: (Relation to `users`, Optional but Recommended) - Links to the system user account if the employee is also a user.
*   **`created`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of creation.
*   **`updated`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of last update.
*   **`color`**: (Text, Optional) - Hex color code for the employee's events on team calendars (e.g., "#3b82f6").

## PocketBase 'personal_events' Collection Schema (Updated)

A new collection is required to store personal calendar events separately from the main tasks.

*   **`id`**: (Text, System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   **`title`**: (Text, Required) - The name or description of the personal event.
*   **`description`**: (Text, Optional) - A longer description for the event.
*   **`startDate`**: (Date, Required) - The start date and time of the event.
*   **`endDate`**: (Date, Required) - The end date and time of the event.
*   **`eventType`**: (Select, Optional, Default: "Available") - The type of event. Options: "Available", "Busy", "Out of Office".
*   **`userId`**: (Relation to 'users', Optional) - The ID of the user who owns this event OR the supervisor who created it.
*   **`employeeId`**: (Relation to 'employees', Optional) - The ID of the employee this event belongs to. A supervisor can create events for employees.
*   **`priority`**: (Select, Required) - Priority level. Options: "Low", "Medium", "High", "Urgent".
*   **`isAllDay`**: (Boolean, Optional, Default: false) - Indicates if the event is for the whole day.
*   **`recurrence`**: (Select, Optional, Default: "None") - Recurrence pattern. Options: "None", "Daily", "Weekly", "Monthly", "Yearly".
*   **`created`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of creation.
*   **`updated`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of last update.

## PocketBase Kanban Schema (Proposed)

The Kanban board currently uses in-memory example data. To make it persistent and collaborative, the following collections should be created in PocketBase.

### 1. `kanban_cards` Collection (The main tasks on the board)
*   `id`: (System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   `name`: (Text, Required) - The title of the card.
*   `status`: (Relation to `kanban_statuses`, Required, Single) - Links to a status column (e.g., "In Progress").
*   `group`: (Relation to `kanban_groups`, Required, Single) - Links to a swimlane group (e.g., "Customer Service").
*   `owners`: (Relation to `employees`, Multiple) - List of employee IDs assigned to the card.
*   `createdBy`: (Relation to `users`, Required, Single) - The user who created the card.
*   `startAt`: (Date, Optional) - Start date for the card.
*   `endAt`: (Date, Optional) - Due date for the card.
*   `order`: (Number, Required, Non-zero) - For sorting cards within a column.

### 2. `kanban_steps` Collection (Sub-tasks within a card)
*   `id`: (System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   `card`: (Relation to `kanban_cards`, Required, Single) - The parent card this step belongs to.
*   `name`: (Text, Required) - The description of the step.
*   `completed`: (Boolean, Default: false) - Whether the step is checked off.
*   `assignees`: (Relation to `employees`, Multiple) - Employees assigned to this specific step.
*   `order`: (Number, Required) - For sorting steps within a card.

### 3. `kanban_statuses` Collection (The columns of the board)
*   `id`: (System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   `name`: (Text, Required, Unique) - e.g., "Planned", "In Progress", "Done".
*   `color`: (Text, Optional) - Hex color code (e.g., "#F59E0B").
*   `order`: (Number, Required) - The display order of the columns.

### 4. `kanban_groups` Collection (The swimlanes/rows of the board)
*   `id`: (System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   `name`: (Text, Required, Unique) - e.g., "Customer Service", "Instrument Management".
*   `order`: (Number, Required) - The display order of the swimlanes.
*   `description`: (Text, Optional) - A short description of the group's purpose.


### Securing Personal Events in PocketBase

For personal calendar events to be private (or shared with specific users), you must set API rules on the `personal_events` collection in your PocketBase Admin UI.

Navigate to your PocketBase admin dashboard, select the `personal_events` collection, and go to the **"API Rules"** tab. In these rules, `@request.auth.id` refers to the currently logged-in user, and `userId` refers to the relation field on the `personal_events` record itself.

-   **List Rule**: `userId = @request.auth.id || userId.sharesPersonalCalendarWith ~ @request.auth.id || @request.auth.role = "Supervisor"`
-   **View Rule**: `userId = @request.auth.id || userId.sharesPersonalCalendarWith ~ @request.auth.id || @request.auth.role = "Supervisor"`
-   **Create Rule**: `userId = @request.auth.id || @request.auth.role = "Supervisor"`
-   **Update Rule**: `userId = @request.auth.id || @request.auth.role = "Supervisor"`
-   **Delete Rule**: `userId = @request.auth.id || @request.auth.role = "Supervisor"`

These rules ensure that:
1.  A user can always see and manage their own personal events.
2.  A user can view events from other users who have explicitly shared their calendar.
3.  A user with the "Supervisor" role can see and manage all events, which is necessary for scheduling events for employees who may not be system users.

### Securing the `users` Collection for Sharing

To allow users to find and share their calendars with others, you must adjust the API rules on the `users` collection. By default, users can only see their own records, which will prevent the sharing list from populating.

1.  Navigate to your PocketBase admin dashboard.
2.  Select the `users` collection and go to the **"API Rules"** tab.
3.  Find the **"List Rule"** field. It is likely empty or restricted.
4.  Set the **"List Rule"** to the following:
    ```
    @request.auth.id != ""
    ```

This rule ensures that any authenticated user (`@request.auth.id != ""`) can see the list of other users, which is necessary for the sharing feature to work. The application only requests non-sensitive fields (`id`, `name`, `email`) for this purpose.

## Deployment Troubleshooting (GitHub Pages & PocketBase)

If your application works locally but fails to fetch data (e.g., employees, tasks) when deployed to GitHub Pages, consider these common issues:

### 1. CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing)
This is the most frequent cause. Your PocketBase server (e.g., `https://your-pb-instance.pockethost.io`) needs to explicitly allow requests from your GitHub Pages domain (e.g., `https://yourusername.github.io`).

**Action:**
*   In your PocketBase Admin UI, navigate to **Settings > API Rules & CORS**.
*   In the **Allowed Origins** field, add your GitHub Pages URL (e.g., `https://yourusername.github.io`). You can also use `*` for testing, but this is not recommended for production as it allows requests from any origin.
*   Ensure **Allowed Methods** includes at least `GET`, `POST`, `PATCH`, `DELETE` (or `*`).
*   Ensure **Allowed Headers** includes at least `Content-Type`, `Authorization` (if you use auth tokens), and potentially `X-Requested-With` (or `*`).

### 2. PocketBase Server Status
*   **Accessibility**: Ensure your PocketBase instance is running and publicly accessible from the internet.
*   **Hosting Tiers**: If using free or hobby tiers for PocketBase hosting (like pockethost.io), check for any "sleeping" or inactivity limits that might cause the server to be temporarily unavailable.

### 3. Browser Developer Tools
When the deployed app fails:
*   Open your browser's **Developer Tools** (usually F12).
*   **Console Tab**: Look for errors related to CORS, network failures (`Failed to fetch`), or content security policies.
*   **Network Tab**:
    *   Refresh the page or trigger the failing action.
    *   Find the request to your PocketBase URL.
    *   **Status Code**: 0 often indicates a CORS or network block. 403 could be a permission issue (but usually with a response body). 5xx errors are server-side issues.
    *   **Headers**: Check for `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` in the response headers. If it's missing or doesn't match your GitHub Pages domain, CORS is likely the problem.
    *   **Response**: See if PocketBase returned any specific error message.

### 4. PocketBase Collection API Rules
While less likely to cause "works locally, fails deployed" if the same user is testing, double-check your Collection API rules in PocketBase. Ensure that "List" and "View" permissions are correctly set for the collections (`tasks`, `employees`, `activity_log`, etc.) for authenticated users or the specific roles that need access.

### 5. `POCKETBASE_URL` in Code
Verify that `POCKETBASE_URL` in `src/context/AuthContext.tsx` (currently `https://swoodhu.pockethost.io/`) is correct and publicly accessible.

By systematically checking these points, you can usually identify why data fetching fails on deployment.

Commit message:

Are there any other schema that could prevent deleting a user

src/README.md, after:


# Firebase Studio

This is a NextJS starter in Firebase Studio.

To get started, take a look at src/app/page.tsx.
<!-- Test comment -->
<!-- No-op: Responding to a query about server-side PocketBase hooks. Troubleshooting pb_hooks involves checking the PocketBase server logs and configuration. -->
<!-- User provided a server-side PocketBase hook (main.pb.js) for CORS. This file needs to be managed directly on the PocketBase server. -->
<!-- Note: net::ERR_ADDRESS_INVALID errors for www.google-analytics.com are external to the LabFlow application and likely due to local network, DNS, or browser extension issues. -->
<!-- No-op: The "autocancelled" warnings on the dashboard are due to the useEffect cleanup aborting fetch requests, likely from React Strict Mode or rapid component remounts. The system correctly handles these as non-critical aborts, logging them for diagnosis but not displaying them as user errors. -->
<!-- Tech stack discussion: Key stacks include Next.js, React, ShadCN UI, Tailwind CSS, TypeScript, PocketBase, React Hook Form, Zod, Recharts, Lucide React, date-fns, and GitHub Pages for deployment. -->

## PocketBase 'users' Collection Schema (Inferred from Frontend)

Based on the application's frontend code, the 'users' collection in PocketBase is expected to have the following schema:

*   **`id`**: (Text, System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   **`email`**: (Email, Required, Unique) - For login and display.
*   **`password`**: (Password) - For authentication.
*   **`name`**: (Text, Optional) - User's display name.
*   **`role`**: (Text or Select, Optional) - User's role (e.g., "Supervisor", "Team Lead", "Chem I", "Chem II").
*   **`avatar`**: (File, Optional, Max 1 file) - For uploaded profile pictures.
*   **`selected_lucide_icon`**: (Text, Optional) - Name of the selected Lucide icon for the profile.
*   **`sharesPersonalCalendarWith`**: (Relation, `users` collection, Multiple) - A list of user IDs that this user is sharing their personal calendar with.

## PocketBase 'tasks' Collection Schema (Inferred from Frontend)

Based on the application's frontend code, the 'tasks' collection in PocketBase is expected to have the following schema:

*   **`id`**: (Text, System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   **`title`**: (Text, Required) - For `VALIDATION_PROJECT` and `VALIDATION_STEP` tasks, this stores the custom user-provided name. For all other task types, this stores the `task_type` value (e.g., "MDL", "SOP").
*   **`task_type`**: (Select, Required) - The specific type of task. Options: "MDL", "SOP", "IA", "iDOC", "oDOC", "VALIDATION_PROJECT", "VALIDATION_STEP".
*   **`instrument_subtype`**: (Text, Optional) - Specific instrument for "MDL" tasks (e.g., "nexiON", "agilent 7900") or SOP code for "SOP" tasks.
*   **`method`**: (Text, Optional) - The analytical method associated with the task, particularly for MDL tasks.
*   **`description`**: (Text, Optional) - A longer description of the task.
*   **`status`**: (Text or Select, Required) - Current status (e.g., "To Do", "In Progress", "Done", "Overdue", "Blocked").
*   **`priority`**: (Text or Select, Required) - Priority level (e.g., "Low", "Medium", "High", "Urgent").
*   **`startDate`**: (Date, Optional) - The start date of the task.
*   **`dueDate`**: (Date, Optional) - The due date for the task.
*   **`assignedTo`**: (Relation, `employees` collection, Multiple) - A list of employee IDs that this task is assigned to.
*   **`recurrence`**: (Text or Select, Required for non-VALIDATION_PROJECT/VALIDATION_STEP types) - Recurrence pattern (e.g., "None", "Daily", "Weekly"). "None" for "VALIDATION_PROJECT" and "VALIDATION_STEP".
*   **`attachments`**: (File, Optional, Multiple files allowed) - Files attached to the task.
*   **`userId`**: (Relation to 'users', Required) - The ID of the user who created or is primarily associated with the task.
*   **`progress`**: (Number, Optional) - Task completion progress (0-100).
*   **`isMilestone`**: (Boolean, Optional, Default: false) - Indicates if the task is a milestone. Applicable if `task_type` is "VALIDATION_PROJECT". If true, `startDate` and `dueDate` should ideally be the same.
*   **`dependencies`**: (JSON, Optional) - Stores an array of task IDs (strings) that this task depends on.
*   **`created`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of creation.
*   **`updated`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of last update.

## PocketBase 'employees' Collection Schema (Inferred from Frontend)

*   **`id`**: (Text, System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   **`name`**: (Text, Required) - Employee's full name.
*   **`email`**: (Email, Required, Unique) - Employee's email.
*   **`role`**: (Text or Select, Required) - Employee's job title or role (e.g., "Supervisor", "Team Lead", "Chem I").
*   **`department_text`**: (Text, Optional) - Department the employee belongs to.
*   **`reportsTo_text`**: (Text, Optional) - Name of the person this employee reports to.
*   **`userId`**: (Relation to `users`, Optional but Recommended) - Links to the system user account if the employee is also a user.
*   **`created`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of creation.
*   **`updated`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of last update.
*   **`color`**: (Text, Optional) - Hex color code for the employee's events on team calendars (e.g., "#3b82f6").

## PocketBase 'personal_events' Collection Schema (Updated)

A new collection is required to store personal calendar events separately from the main tasks.

*   **`id`**: (Text, System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   **`title`**: (Text, Required) - The name or description of the personal event.
*   **`description`**: (Text, Optional) - A longer description for the event.
*   **`startDate`**: (Date, Required) - The start date and time of the event.
*   **`endDate`**: (Date, Required) - The end date and time of the event.
*   **`eventType`**: (Select, Optional, Default: "Available") - The type of event. Options: "Available", "Busy", "Out of Office".
*   **`userId`**: (Relation to 'users', Optional) - The ID of the user who owns this event OR the supervisor who created it.
*   **`employeeId`**: (Relation to 'employees', Optional) - The ID of the employee this event belongs to. A supervisor can create events for employees.
*   **`priority`**: (Select, Required) - Priority level. Options: "Low", "Medium", "High", "Urgent".
*   **`isAllDay`**: (Boolean, Optional, Default: false) - Indicates if the event is for the whole day.
*   **`recurrence`**: (Select, Optional, Default: "None") - Recurrence pattern. Options: "None", "Daily", "Weekly", "Monthly", "Yearly".
*   **`created`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of creation.
*   **`updated`**: (Date, System Field) - Timestamp of last update.

## PocketBase Kanban Schema (Proposed)

The Kanban board currently uses in-memory example data. To make it persistent and collaborative, the following collections should be created in PocketBase.

### 1. `kanban_cards` Collection (The main tasks on the board)
*   `id`: (System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   `name`: (Text, Required) - The title of the card.
*   `status`: (Relation to `kanban_statuses`, Required, Single) - Links to a status column (e.g., "In Progress").
*   `group`: (Relation to `kanban_groups`, Required, Single) - Links to a swimlane group (e.g., "Customer Service").
*   `owners`: (Relation to `employees`, Multiple) - List of employee IDs assigned to the card.
*   `createdBy`: (Relation to `users`, Required, Single) - The user who created the card.
*   `startAt`: (Date, Optional) - Start date for the card.
*   `endAt`: (Date, Optional) - Due date for the card.
*   `order`: (Number, Required, Non-zero) - For sorting cards within a column.

### 2. `kanban_steps` Collection (Sub-tasks within a card)
*   `id`: (System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   `card`: (Relation to `kanban_cards`, Required, Single) - The parent card this step belongs to.
*   `name`: (Text, Required) - The description of the step.
*   `completed`: (Boolean, Default: false) - Whether the step is checked off.
*   `assignees`: (Relation to `employees`, Multiple) - Employees assigned to this specific step.
*   `order`: (Number, Required) - For sorting steps within a card.

### 3. `kanban_statuses` Collection (The columns of the board)
*   `id`: (System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   `name`: (Text, Required, Unique) - e.g., "Planned", "In Progress", "Done".
*   `color`: (Text, Optional) - Hex color code (e.g., "#F59E0B").
*   `order`: (Number, Required) - The display order of the columns.

### 4. `kanban_groups` Collection (The swimlanes/rows of the board)
*   `id`: (System Field) - Unique identifier.
*   `name`: (Text, Required, Unique) - e.g., "Customer Service", "Instrument Management".
*   `order`: (Number, Required) - The display order of the swimlanes.
*   `description`: (Text, Optional) - A short description of the group's purpose.

## Preventing Record Deletion Issues (Data Integrity)

By default, PocketBase prevents you from deleting a record (like an employee or a user) if another record still refers to it. To avoid getting blocked, you can configure the "On delete" action for your relation fields.

### Allowing Employee Deletion
To delete an `employee` record that is assigned to tasks or events:
1.  **In `tasks` collection**: Edit the `assignedTo` field. Change "On delete" from "No action" to **"Set to null"**.
2.  **In `personal_events` collection**: Edit the `employeeId` field. Change "On delete" to **"Set to null"**.
3.  **In `kanban_cards` collection**: Edit the `owners` field. Change "On delete" to **"Set to null"**.
4.  **In `kanban_steps` collection**: Edit the `assignees` field. Change "On delete" to **"Set to null"**.

### Allowing User Deletion
To delete a `user` record that has created tasks, events, etc.:
1.  **In `tasks` collection**: Edit the `userId` field. Change "On delete" to **"Set to null"**.
2.  **In `employees` collection**: Edit the `userId` field. Change "On delete" to **"Set to null"**.
3.  **In `personal_events` collection**: Edit the `userId` field. Change "On delete" to **"Set to null"**.
4.  **In `kanban_cards` collection**: Edit the `createdBy` field. Change "On delete" to **"Set to null"**.
5.  **In `users` collection**: Edit the `sharesPersonalCalendarWith` field. Change "On delete" to **"Set to null"**.


## API Rules & Security

### Securing Personal Events
For personal calendar events to be private (or shared with specific users), you must set API rules on the `personal_events` collection in your PocketBase Admin UI.

-   **List Rule**: `userId = @request.auth.id || userId.sharesPersonalCalendarWith ~ @request.auth.id || @request.auth.role = "Supervisor"`
-   **View Rule**: `userId = @request.auth.id || userId.sharesPersonalCalendarWith ~ @request.auth.id || @request.auth.role = "Supervisor"`
-   **Create Rule**: `userId = @request.auth.id || @request.auth.role = "Supervisor"`
-   **Update Rule**: `userId = @request.auth.id || @request.auth.role = "Supervisor"`
-   **Delete Rule**: `userId = @request.auth.id || @request.auth.role = "Supervisor"`

### Securing the `users` Collection for Sharing
To allow users to find and share their calendars with others, you must adjust the API rules on the `users` collection.
-   **List Rule**: `@request.auth.id != ""`

## Deployment Troubleshooting (GitHub Pages & PocketBase)

If your application works locally but fails to fetch data (e.g., employees, tasks) when deployed to GitHub Pages, consider these common issues:

### 1. CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing)
This is the most frequent cause. Your PocketBase server (e.g., `https://your-pb-instance.pockethost.io`) needs to explicitly allow requests from your GitHub Pages domain (e.g., `https://yourusername.github.io`).

**Action:**
*   In your PocketBase Admin UI, navigate to **Settings > API Rules & CORS**.
*   In the **Allowed Origins** field, add your GitHub Pages URL (e.g., `https://yourusername.github.io`). You can also use `*` for testing, but this is not recommended for production as it allows requests from any origin.
*   Ensure **Allowed Methods** includes at least `GET`, `POST`, `PATCH`, `DELETE` (or `*`).
*   Ensure **Allowed Headers** includes at least `Content-Type`, `Authorization` (if you use auth tokens), and potentially `X-Requested-With` (or `*`).

### 2. PocketBase Server Status
*   **Accessibility**: Ensure your PocketBase instance is running and publicly accessible from the internet.
*   **Hosting Tiers**: If using free or hobby tiers for PocketBase hosting (like pockethost.io), check for any "sleeping" or inactivity limits that might cause the server to be temporarily unavailable.

### 3. Browser Developer Tools
When the deployed app fails:
*   Open your browser's **Developer Tools** (usually F12).
*   **Console Tab**: Look for errors related to CORS, network failures (`Failed to fetch`), or content security policies.
*   **Network Tab**:
    *   Refresh the page or trigger the failing action.
    *   Find the request to your PocketBase URL.
    *   **Status Code**: 0 often indicates a CORS or network block. 403 could be a permission issue (but usually with a response body). 5xx errors are server-side issues.
    *   **Headers**: Check for `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` in the response headers. If it's missing or doesn't match your GitHub Pages domain, CORS is likely the problem.
    *   **Response**: See if PocketBase returned any specific error message.

### 4. PocketBase Collection API Rules
While less likely to cause "works locally, fails deployed" if the same user is testing, double-check your Collection API rules in PocketBase. Ensure that "List" and "View" permissions are correctly set for the collections (`tasks`, `employees`, `activity_log`, etc.) for authenticated users or the specific roles that need access.

### 5. `POCKETBASE_URL` in Code
Verify that `POCKETBASE_URL` in `src/context/AuthContext.tsx` (currently `https://swoodhu.pockethost.io/`) is correct and publicly accessible.

By systematically checking these points, you can usually identify why data fetching fails on deployment.
